---
title: '1. Create a communication compliance policy with the Detect Copilot for Microsoft 365 interactions template'
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: 'Lab 5 Exercise 3: Monitor Copilot for Microsoft 365 interactions with communication compliance'
---

# Task 3.1: Create a communication compliance policy with the Detect Copilot for Microsoft 365 interactions template

To create a communication compliance policy with the **Detect Copilot for Microsoft 365 interactions** template in Microsoft Purview:

1. [] In the Microsoft Purview portal, on the left navigation, select **Home**.

1. [] Select the **Communication compliance** solution card.  
    If the Communication compliance solution card isn't displayed, select **View all solutions** and then select **Communication compliance** from the **Risk & Compliance** section.

1. [] On the left pane, select **Policies**.

1. [] On the menu, select **+ Create policy** > **Detect Copilot for Microsoft 365 interactions** to begin configuring the template.

1. [] In the flyout window, confirm the policy name, scroll to the bottom of the window, and select **Customize policy**.

    {: .important }
	> Policy names can't be changed after the policy is created.

1. [] Enter a **Description** for the policy - **Sample description**, and then select **Next**.


1. [] Choose the reviewers for the policy, type **Nestor Wilke** as the user to apply the policy, select the user from the dropdown , then select **Next**.

    {: .important }
	> Reviewers are individual users, and all reviewers must have mailboxes hosted on Exchange Online. Reviewers added here are the reviewers that you can choose from when escalating an alert in the investigation and remediation workflow. When reviewers are added to a policy, they automatically receive an email message that notifies them of the assignment to the policy and provides links to information about the review process.

1. [] On the **Locations** page, make sure **Microsoft 365 Copilot** is selected and then select **Next**.

1. [] On the **Conditions and percentage** page, review the options and select **Next**.


1. [] Review the policy and select **Create Policy**.

1. [] Select **Done** to finish the configuration.
 

1. [] Review the information and then press Enter.

    {: .important }
	> Best practices for managing alerts in communication compliance:
    >
    > After configuring Microsoft Purview Communication Compliance, you might want to adjust the volume of alerts that you receive. For best  practices for managing alerts in communication compliance, review [Best practices for managing the volume of alerts in communication compliance] (https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/communication-compliance-alerts-best-practices "Best practices for managing the volume of alerts in   communication compliance").

{: .important }
> ### Learn more:
>
> - [Learn about communication compliance](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/communication-compliance "Learn about communication compliance")
>
> - [Detect channel signals with communication compliance](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/communication-compliance-channels "Detect channel signals with communication compliance")
>
> - [Create and manage communication compliance policies](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/communication-compliance-policies "Create and manage communication compliance policies")